{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red67\green67\blue67;\red217\green11\blue0;\red67\green67\blue67;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16900\viewh13240\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 BRL-CAD v7.24.0\
[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://sourceforge.net/projects/brlcad/"}}{\fldrslt http://sourceforge.net/projects/brlcad}}]\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 License: \cf3 ?? Something FOSS\
\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\'97\'97\'97\
\
About\
\

\f1\fs26 \cf4 \cb5 ----------------------------------------------------------------------\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360
\cf4 --- 2012-06-25  Release 7.22.0                                     ---\
----------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
After many months of development, this release includes hundreds of\
fixes for source code defects, logic and memory management bugs,\
potential security vulnerabilities, and numerous other issues reported\
by Coverity Static Analysis.  While having participated in the\
Coverity Scan Initiative since inception in 2006, this release marks a\
completion milestone with the review and resolution of all reported\
issues, more than 2100 overall.  Every defect was inspected, code\
modifications were peer-reviewed, critical features were tested, and\
user-visible changes were documented.  Along with other on-going\
improvement efforts such as treating all compiler-generated warnings\
as errors, time and attention continues to be put forth towards\
improving BRL-CAD's maintainability and source code quality.\
\
Development of BREP/NURBS representation support within BRL-CAD\
continues to mature with this release including ray tracing\
improvements, tighter bounding boxes for better performance, progress\
converting from traditional implicit+CSG representations to NURBS+CSG,\
wireframe improvements, and a thorough verification and validation\
(V&V) review for analysis suitability.  The V&V review compared\
BRL-CAD's primitives in implicit, polygonal mesh, and NURBS form\
evaluating more than a dozen separate tests looking for differences in\
rendering, curvature, presented areas, volume, and more.  The review\
identified a couple minor issues that were inspected and fixed but\
successfully demonstrated the viability of using our BREP/NURBS\
implementation for geometric representation and analysis purposes.\
\
This release introduces numerous major feature developments including\
the initial implementation of a new physics simulation capability, a\
new ambient occlusion rendering mode, and the integration of rtwizard\
into Archer.  The simulation system was developed by Abhijit Nandy\
under the European Space Agency's 2011 Summer of Code in Space (SOCIS)\
program; and it allows BRL-CAD geometry objects to dynamically\
interact with each other (e.g., collision detection, friction) or with\
the environment (e.g., gravity).  Ambient occlusion is a shading\
method that helps add considerable realism and feature definition to\
renderings, enabled within rt using the "set ambSamples=128" command.\
The rtwizard rendering interface was extended to work as a\
command-line tool (useful for scripting) and was integrated within\
Archer as the underlying rendering interface.\
\
Conversion support continues to be a development priority with\
significant importer enhancements for the STEP, OBJ, COMGEOM, FASTGEN,\
and RAW file formats.  The STEP importer in particular receives\
several updates, support for importing assembly hierarchies, and is in\
the process of being fully ported to Windows.  This release also fixes\
more than 40 user-visible bugs including a significant database\
corruption issue.  A database corruption issue was discovered and\
fixed affecting 64-bit big endian platforms (e.g., IBM Power Series\
supercomputers) when writing out ebm, dsp, vol, and hf primitives.\
\
BRL-CAD's documentation continues to be extended, improved, and\
translated due to the sustained efforts of several contributors.\
Manual page documentation is now available on Windows through the\
'brlman' command and within MGED.  Several utilities and commands that\
previously had no documentation now have manual pages; many others\
received corrections and improvements.  The introductory article\
"About BRL-CAD" is now available in Russian, Italian, and Armenian.}